- [Instructor] Serverless can be summarized
as a haiku poem by Onsi Fakhouri.
"Here is my source code.
Run it on the cloud for me.
I do not care how,"
which means I don't want to know the specifics of it,
just make it work.
A lot of times software development looks like this.
You have a server, maybe even a Docker container,
and you find yourself spending a ton of time
doing things that are not code, and a precious little time
doing things that you actually care about your code.
This is where we come to our first benefit.
It is far, far faster to develop and deploy
new applications using serverless platforms.
Do your customer's care about Java runtime
or the version of Linux you're running on?
Did you ever get rewarded for upgrading the runtime version
or establishing a security patch?
They don't care, they want features.
The goal of serverless is don't worry about the underlying
operating system and any kind of platform issues,
worry about solving business problems.
This is where we find our second benefit,
no management of server hosts or server processes.
Before you needed to ask yourself,
"How much capacity would you need?"
And in the early beginning it is almost always,
"I don't know, I'm not there to provision it,
update it or scale it, it's someone else's problem."
Serverless architecture self-auto scales
and auto provision based on load.
Some benefits that there may be less obvious,
but still important, are service systems are often cheaper.
First of all, service gives us far more efficient use
of resources, and there is much less work for us to do
as there are no deployment management,
no system administration and auto scaling
is completely managed on our behalf.
At the end of the month,
when you receive your serverless bill,
you may only see one number.
If you want to compare this number
with non-serverless app costs, you shouldn't simply compare
it to infrastructure costs,
you should broaden your comparison
and also include a chunk of operation salaries.
SAS bills, such as monitoring tool, development efforts
for generic features, like authentification,
or efforts related to technology maturity
and skills build up.
Serverless solutions are often better.
Some of the concerns we have to deal with as a developer,
such as security, logging, observability and tracing,
are already available on AWS
and allow easy integration with AWS Lambda functions.